Adapt api.Window.ondevice* to new events structure (#13926)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/deviceorientationabsolute_event/index.md

---
title: 'Window: deviceorientationabsolute event'
slug: Web/API/Window/deviceorientationabsolute_event
tags:
  - API
  - Device Orientation
  - Mobile
  - Orientation
  - Event
browser-compat: api.Window.deviceorientationabsolute_event
---
{{ ApiRef() }}{{Non-standard_header}}

> ## Summary

Reviewer: No summary title:
```suggestion
```

- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.beta")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A number representing the motion of the device around the x axis, expressed in degrees with values ranging from -180 (inclusive) to 180 (exclusive). This represents a front to back motion of the device.
- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.gamma")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A number representing the motion of the device around the y axis, expressed in degrees with values ranging from -90 (inclusive) to 90 (exclusive). This represents a left to right motion of the device.
- `DeviceOrientationEvent.webkitCompassHeading` {{Non-Standard_Inline}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A number represents the difference between the motion of the device around the z axis of the world system and the direction of north, expressed in degrees with values ranging from 0 to 360.
- `DeviceOrientationEvent.webkitCompassAccuracy` {{Non-Standard_Inline}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : The accuracy of the compass given as a positive or negative deviation. It's usually 10.

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- {{ event("deviceorientation") }}
- {{ domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent") }}

> - {{domxref("Window.ondeviceorientation","ondeviceorientation")}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{DOMxRef("window.deviceorientation_event", "deviceorientation") }} event
```

---
title: 'Window: deviceorientationabsolute event'
slug: Web/API/Window/deviceorientationabsolute_event
tags:
  - API
  - Device Orientation
  - Mobile
  - Orientation
  - Event
browser-compat: api.Window.deviceorientationabsolute_event
---
{{ ApiRef() }}{{Non-standard_header}}

## Summary

> An event handler for the {{ event("deviceorientationabsolute") }} event
> containing information about an absolute device orientation change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`deviceorientationabsolute`** event is sent to the `ondeviceorientationabsolute` event handler on a {{domxref('Window')}} event when absolute device orientation changes.
```

This event is not cancelable and does not bubble.

## Syntax

Use the event name in methods like {{domxref("EventTarget.addEventListener", "addEventListener()")}}, or set an event handler property.

```js
addEventListener('deviceorientationabsolute', event => { });

ondeviceorientationabsolute = event => { };
```

## Event type

An {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent")}}. Inherits from {{domxref("Event")}}.

{{InheritanceDiagram("DeviceOrientationEvent")}}

## Event properties

- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.absolute")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A boolean that indicates whether or not the device is providing orientation data absolutely.
- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.alpha")}} {{readonlyinline}}

>   - : A number representing the motion of the device around the z axis, express in degrees with values ranging from 0 (inclusive) to 360 (exclusive).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A number representing the motion of the device around the z axis, expressed in degrees with values ranging from 0 (inclusive) to 360 (exclusive).
```

- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.beta")}} {{readonlyinline}}

>   - : A number representing the motion of the device around the x axis, express in degrees with values ranging from -180 (inclusive) to 180 (exclusive). This represents a front to back motion of the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A number representing the motion of the device around the x axis, expressed in degrees with values ranging from -180 (inclusive) to 180 (exclusive). This represents a front to back motion of the device.
```

- {{domxref("DeviceOrientationEvent.gamma")}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : A number representing the motion of the device around the y axis, express in degrees with values ranging from -90 (inclusive) to 90 (exclusive). This represents a left to right motion of the device.
- `DeviceOrientationEvent.webkitCompassHeading` {{Non-Standard_Inline}} {{readonlyinline}}

>   - : A number represents the difference between the motion of the device around the z axis of the world system and the direction of the north, express in degrees with values ranging from 0 to 360.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : A number represents the difference between the motion of the device around the z axis of the world system and the direction of north, expressed in degrees with values ranging from 0 to 360.
```

- `DeviceOrientationEvent.webkitCompassAccuracy` {{Non-Standard_Inline}} {{readonlyinline}}
  - : The accuracy of the compass means that the deviation is positive or negative. It's usually 10.

## Specifications

> This event handler is not currently part of any specification.

Reviewer 2: [Not true](deviceorientationabsolute)
